{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\
Introduction to Final Project:\
\
For my final project, I was going to do a dice roller. The project was found through looking up ideas on an Arduino project board. I was going to have different color LED lights shine as you click the button and it\'92ll be a dice. This project was going to be incased in a small box that would allow the user to click the button and a light would pop up with X amounts of lights. \
\
For example, if the user was playing a game and could not find dice, this device would come in perfectly. They could click the button and it would be easier to use than having to manually roll the dice so no one can claim the person was cheating in a game. \
\
However, as I was doing my project, I had to find a bigger bread board to fit the amount of LED lights and also have room for a button. I got the bigger board, but as I was trying to build the actual parts of it, I continued to get an error message on the Arduino coding, which meant my installation was messed up. I tried a few times and could not get it right. I really want this to work and find a way to get it done. \
\
Another way this project can be done is by adding a screen too to it, where the user interface will see the number project on a screen so they don\'92t have to manually count the lights. This would be easier for a child who wants to play a game that is not good at counting. The only issue I have been running into is the actual setting up of the breadboard and I have attached plenty of images to show the set up of the breadboard. \
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/EvdS/led-dice-885cf1?ref=tag&ref_id=led&offset=21"}}{\fldrslt https://create.arduino.cc/projecthub/EvdS/led-dice-885cf1?ref=tag&ref_id=led&offset=21}}\
\
This is the website to where I got the original idea. \
\
The way I would make it better is by adding a screen attached to it, so that way this can be marketable to all ages. It can be used for children since they are the ones who primarily play board games. Let\'92s be honest, children tend to lose dice or objects for the board game they are playing, so this device would come in handy for them to play the game. }