{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
Introduction: \
\
The project that I have done for my midterm is a fan powered by a motor. The actual interface of the product is still a process that was going to be needing to be fixed up on. The fan would be coming out of the top of the box with a light propeller that would circulate with paper based fan coverings. The fan is controlled by a simple knob on the side. The consumer can control the speed as he or she would like. It is a little fragile for the switch to not fall because it is connected by a q-tip stick. That is one thing that would need to be fixed up on for future motions. \
\
The fan does only go one way, in a standard form. Its primary functions are off, medium speed, and high speed. The consumer can control it by just turning the knob to the direction that they feel comfortable with. In this project, the consumer would be able to carry the fan around with them while at a desk, or even at the beach. The box would be something that you can have around with you, that would stand up right and not need to be limited to its functions. \
\
The Code is attached in a different document with a screenshot of the code to see how it all works. \
\
I got this idea online after looking around for possible ideas. The way I have made it different is definitely with the design of the product. The person who created this idea used very simple design. Not even creating an interface. However, the one I have designed has the switch on the side, while their switch was standing up and upright. The person also did not create a fan idea when they designed it, they have just a switch that would increase and decrease the motor. \
\
Attached in the folder are also photos and documentation of the project\'92s design. }